when Golan Civil War of 1975 and 76
created Agony's in this country over how
much or how little to get involved the
Congress eventually cut off all funds
for either open or secret assistance to
the pro-western factions there and the
Soviet backside won the war now a former
CIA agent claims it was the CIA itself
which provoked Soviet and Cuban
intervention and that CIA officials
misled the Congress about the extent of
u.s. involvement john stockwell the
former chief of the angola task force
has written a book in which he charges
the CIA used military advisers in Angola
without the knowledge of the White House
or the Congress the intervention was
ill-conceived it was a foreign affairs
blunder we knew that three months after
Vietnam the American people would not
let us commit the United States to
another vague third world Civil War so
we lied about it we lied to Congress we
lied to the press and we lied to each
other former Secretary of State Henry
Kissinger was a super hawk on Angola
he happened to be testifying on Capitol
Hill today and was asked about
Stockwell's charges Kissinger said CIA
officials had testified more than 60
times on Angola I cannot imagine that
they deliberately misled the committee
in the year of our withdrawal from
Vietnam in the year of the church
committee investigations in the Central
Intelligence Agency there could have
been no incentive on anybody's part to
take on any new responsibilities of this